rse/rse_network.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: UK HPC RSE Network
summary: Sharing expetise on supporting HPC
---

The UK HPC RSE network is an open community of RSEs that are involved in providing support to researchers
using HPC facilities. Anyone with an interest in this area is welcome to participate in the community.

We have a regular series of online meetings and use the HPC channel in the
[RSE Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/ukrse/signup) for discussions.

# Monthly online meeting

There are a regular series of meetings that all RSE's supporting researchers using HPC facilities or RSE's
that have an inerest in HPC topics are welcome to attend. The agenda is flexible and aims to cover items
of interest to the community but usually covers:

   - Topics  of interest suggested by the community
   - Highlights from RSE groups supporting national HPC facilities
   - Upcoming training, events and meetings

A call for topics of interest goes out one week before meetings to the RSE mailing list and RSE Slack.

## Connection details

We use Zoom for the meetings. The link is posted below next to the meeting agendas that are published ahead of the meeting.

## Monthly Online Meeting Notes

   - [24 March 2020](2020-03-24_HPCRSEMeetingNotes.html)
   - [26 November 2019](2019-11-26_HPCRSEMeetingNotes.html)
   - [15 October 2019](2019-10-15_HPCRSEMeetingNotes.html)
   - [3 September 2019](2019-09-03_HPCRSEMeetingNotes.html)
   - [6 August 2019](2019-08-06_HPCRSEMeetingNotes.html)
   - [2 July 2019](2019-07-02_HPCRSEMeetingNotes.html)

Commit message:

Added draft notes for upcoming meeting

rse/rse_network.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: UK HPC RSE Network
summary: Sharing expetise on supporting HPC
---

The UK HPC RSE network is an open community of RSEs that are involved in providing support to researchers
using HPC facilities. Anyone with an interest in this area is welcome to participate in the community.

We have a regular series of online meetings and use the HPC channel in the
[RSE Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/ukrse/signup) for discussions.

# Monthly online meeting

There are a regular series of meetings that all RSE's supporting researchers using HPC facilities or RSE's
that have an inerest in HPC topics are welcome to attend. The agenda is flexible and aims to cover items
of interest to the community but usually covers:

   - Topics  of interest suggested by the community
   - Highlights from RSE groups supporting national HPC facilities
   - Upcoming training, events and meetings

A call for topics of interest goes out one week before meetings to the RSE mailing list and RSE Slack.

## Connection details

We use Zoom for the meetings. The link is posted on the [RSE Slack Channel](https://join.slack.com/t/ukrse/signup) and circulated via mailing lists.

## Monthly Online Meeting Notes

   - [21 April 2020](2020-04-21_HPCRSEMeetingNotes.html)
   - [24 March 2020](2020-03-24_HPCRSEMeetingNotes.html)
   - [26 November 2019](2019-11-26_HPCRSEMeetingNotes.html)
   - [15 October 2019](2019-10-15_HPCRSEMeetingNotes.html)
   - [3 September 2019](2019-09-03_HPCRSEMeetingNotes.html)
   - [6 August 2019](2019-08-06_HPCRSEMeetingNotes.html)
   - [2 July 2019](2019-07-02_HPCRSEMeetingNotes.html)
