docs/index.md, before:

---
layout: section
title: Documentation
summary: Information on how to use UK HPC facilities
---

## HPC Documentation

This page provides links to documentation for UK national HPC facilities
and other useful documentation - including a repository of compile instructions
for various software on different HPC facilities.

If you think there are links to documentation missing from this page that should
be here, you can either:

 - add the missing information by forking the website repository and raising a pull request; or
 - raise an issue on the website repository.


<hr />

### UK national HPC facilties documentation

<div class="row vertical-box">
  <div class="hidden-xs col-sm-4 align-middle">
    <a href="https://docs.archer2.ac.uk">
      <img src="{{ site.baseurl}}/logos/ARCHER2_logo.png" class="center-block img-responsive" />
    </a>
  </div>
  <div class="col-sm-8">
    <p>
      <a href="https://docs.archer2.ac.uk">ARCHER2 UK National Supercomputing Service documentation</a>
      Documentation on how to use the ARCHER2 UK National Supercomputing Service. Includes quick start
      guides, a detailed User and Best Practice Guide and information on research software, software
      libraries and tools available on the service.
    </p>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="row vertical-box">
  <div class="hidden-xs col-sm-4 align-middle">
    <a href="https://cirrus.readthedocs.io">
      <img src="{{ site.baseurl}}/logos/cirrus_PoweredbyEPCC.png" class="center-block img-responsive" />
    </a>
  </div>
  <div class="col-sm-8">
    <p>
      <a href="https://cirrus.readthedocs.io">Cirrus UK National Tier-2 HPC Service documentation</a>
      Documentation on how to use the Cirrus UK National Tier-2 HPC Service. Includes a detailed User
      Guide and information on research software, software libraries and tools available on the service.
    </p>
  </div>
</div>

<hr/>

### Compiling HPC Applications

Information on compiling HPC applications is usually available as
part of the standard application documentation. However, many 
HPC applications are complex and the specific instructions for 
different HPC platforms can differ from the standard instructions.

A number of resources are available with compile instructions for 
specific UK HPC facilities.

<div class="row vertical-box">
  <div class="hidden-xs col-sm-4 align-middle">
    <a href="https://github.com/hpc-uk/build-instructions">
      <img src="{{ site.baseurl}}/logos/hpcuk_logo_large.png" class="center-block img-responsive" />
    </a>
  </div>
  <div class="col-sm-8">
    <p>
      <a href="https://github.com/hpc-uk/build-instructions">Compiling HPC Applications on UK facilities</a>
      The HPC-UK community build repository provides compilation instructions for compiling
      many applications on UK HPC facilities hosted on GitHub. Contributions to this repository 
      from the community are welcome.
    </p>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="row vertical-box">
  <div class="hidden-xs col-sm-4 align-middle">
    <a href="https://github.com/UCL-RITS/rcps-buildscripts">
      <img src="{{ site.baseurl}}/logos/ucl_logo.png" class="center-block img-responsive" />
    </a>
  </div>
  <div class="col-sm-8">
    <p>
      <a href="https://github.com/UCL-RITS/rcps-buildscripts">Compiling HPC Applications on Thomas</a>
      UCL provides compilation scripts for compiling
      many applications on the Thomas Tier-2 HPC service, a Lenovo
      HPC cluster running Linux with the Intel and GCC compilers; and
      Intel MPI and OpenMPI.
    </p>
  </div>
</div>

<hr />

<h2>Benchmarks and Performance Data</h2>

<p>
The following links provide more information on benchmarks and performance
data on UK HPC systems.
</p>

<div class="row vertical-box">
  <div class="hidden-xs col-sm-4 align-middle">
    <a href="">
      <img src="{{ site.baseurl}}/logos/hpcuk_logo_large.png" class="center-block img-responsive" />
    </a>
  </div>
  <div class="col-sm-8">
    <p>
       <a href="https://github.com/hpc-uk/archer-benchmarks">UK HPC Benchmarks</a>
       Building on original work from the ARCHER CSE service, this repository contains a number of
       different HPC benchmarks that have been run on UK HPC facilities. The repository contains
       information on compiling and running the benchmarks, raw results from various facilities,
       analysis scripts and reports on the data.
    </p>
  </div>
</div>

Commit message:

Updates text to include benchmarks

docs/index.md, after:

---
layout: section
title: Documentation
summary: Information on how to use UK HPC facilities
---

## HPC Documentation

This page provides links to documentation for UK national HPC facilities
and other useful documentation - including a repository of compile instructions
for various software on different HPC facilities and information on benchmarks
and benchmarking data on UK national HPC facilities.

If you think there are links to documentation missing from this page that should
be here, you can either:

 - add the missing information by forking the website repository and raising a pull request; or
 - raise an issue on the website repository.


<hr />

### UK national HPC facilties documentation

<div class="row vertical-box">
  <div class="hidden-xs col-sm-4 align-middle">
    <a href="https://docs.archer2.ac.uk">
      <img src="{{ site.baseurl}}/logos/ARCHER2_logo.png" class="center-block img-responsive" />
    </a>
  </div>
  <div class="col-sm-8">
    <p>
      <a href="https://docs.archer2.ac.uk">ARCHER2 UK National Supercomputing Service documentation</a>
      Documentation on how to use the ARCHER2 UK National Supercomputing Service. Includes quick start
      guides, a detailed User and Best Practice Guide and information on research software, software
      libraries and tools available on the service.
    </p>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="row vertical-box">
  <div class="hidden-xs col-sm-4 align-middle">
    <a href="https://cirrus.readthedocs.io">
      <img src="{{ site.baseurl}}/logos/cirrus_PoweredbyEPCC.png" class="center-block img-responsive" />
    </a>
  </div>
  <div class="col-sm-8">
    <p>
      <a href="https://cirrus.readthedocs.io">Cirrus UK National Tier-2 HPC Service documentation</a>
      Documentation on how to use the Cirrus UK National Tier-2 HPC Service. Includes a detailed User
      Guide and information on research software, software libraries and tools available on the service.
    </p>
  </div>
</div>

<hr/>

### Compiling HPC Applications

Information on compiling HPC applications is usually available as
part of the standard application documentation. However, many 
HPC applications are complex and the specific instructions for 
different HPC platforms can differ from the standard instructions.

A number of resources are available with compile instructions for 
specific UK HPC facilities.

<div class="row vertical-box">
  <div class="hidden-xs col-sm-4 align-middle">
    <a href="https://github.com/hpc-uk/build-instructions">
      <img src="{{ site.baseurl}}/logos/hpcuk_logo_large.png" class="center-block img-responsive" />
    </a>
  </div>
  <div class="col-sm-8">
    <p>
      <a href="https://github.com/hpc-uk/build-instructions">Compiling HPC Applications on UK facilities</a>
      The HPC-UK community build repository provides compilation instructions for compiling
      many applications on UK HPC facilities hosted on GitHub. Contributions to this repository 
      from the community are welcome.
    </p>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="row vertical-box">
  <div class="hidden-xs col-sm-4 align-middle">
    <a href="https://github.com/UCL-RITS/rcps-buildscripts">
      <img src="{{ site.baseurl}}/logos/ucl_logo.png" class="center-block img-responsive" />
    </a>
  </div>
  <div class="col-sm-8">
    <p>
      <a href="https://github.com/UCL-RITS/rcps-buildscripts">Compiling HPC Applications on Thomas</a>
      UCL provides compilation scripts for compiling
      many applications on the Thomas Tier-2 HPC service, a Lenovo
      HPC cluster running Linux with the Intel and GCC compilers; and
      Intel MPI and OpenMPI.
    </p>
  </div>
</div>

<hr />

<h2>Benchmarks and Performance Data</h2>

<p>
The following links provide more information on benchmarks and performance
data on UK HPC systems.
</p>

<div class="row vertical-box">
  <div class="hidden-xs col-sm-4 align-middle">
    <a href="">
      <img src="{{ site.baseurl}}/logos/hpcuk_logo_large.png" class="center-block img-responsive" />
    </a>
  </div>
  <div class="col-sm-8">
    <p>
       <a href="https://github.com/hpc-uk/archer-benchmarks">UK HPC Benchmarks</a>
       Building on original work from the ARCHER CSE service, this repository contains a number of
       different HPC benchmarks that have been run on UK HPC facilities. The repository contains
       information on compiling and running the benchmarks, raw results from various facilities,
       analysis scripts and reports on the data.
    </p>
  </div>
</div>
